hello this is alright CKY the android
guy hey guys today we're doing a edgy
comparison and that is between the
Galaxy s6 edge and the Galaxy Note edge
all right that's not veggie jokes so
here's the deal the s6 edge is the
evolution of the Note edge but does that
mean it's better well not necessarily
there is some advantages and there's
also some disadvantages and there's some
changes that some people liked and some
people did it on the on the note edge we
had all these different edge screens
that you can use automatically anytime
you wanted to
however this sometimes got in the way
and people accidentally use it when they
didn't mean to on the s6 edge the only
thing you can use the edge for when the
screen is on is swipeable from the side
for five favorite contacts you can
immediately call text message an email
now this also allows you to bring a
light lighting feature called edge
lighting when your phone screen is down
so you can see who's calling however all
the rest of the features of the s6 edge
come from when it's off see when it's
off you can actually swipe it and then
you can activate these same features you
saw me use on the note edge however you
can not activate these features when the
phone screen is on and again that might
be troubling for some people and some
people might like that you don't
accidentally use certain features they
found accidentally call people launch
apps depends on the person now what
about the phone's overall though well it
kind of narrow it down like this if you
want the better battery life you want
the Galaxy Note edge however if you want
the better camera you want the Galaxy s6
edge overall the note edge versus the s6
edge does come with better camera on the
s6 over in all lighting situations it
adapts the front-facing camera and the
rear-facing camera in every lighting
situation so you have amazing low-light
and daytime photos now I thought that
the Note edge was bad by any means it
was actually really great but when
comparing to the s6 edge it just didn't
stand out in the same way overall really
two good cameras but the s6 edge will be
better the note of course gives the high
demand of well simply having a longer
battery life battery is really important
to a lot of people and the Note edge
proved time and time again that it had
the longer lasting battery life
comparing to the s6 edge not only that
but comparing to pretty much every phone
on the market the Note edge really stood
out in terms of battery life to really
last one of the longest bear lights in
the entire US and still stands to stay
now what about sound quality well when
it came to sound quality and we tried
both these phones out we could see a
subtle difference so we found was s6 had
just not only a louder sound really
because of its speaker placement coming
from the bottom of the phone this is a
Note edge having not on the rear but
also the s6 edge did sound better it was
louder and the sound sounded fuller now
I know what you're thinking what what
about the removable battery and storage
honestly I have not missed it as a avid
note user I've not really missed the
additional storage thus far on my s6
edge yes I do use 71% of these 64 gigs I
have available to me but I was able to
get 64 gigs instead of only being left
with 32 now of course on this phone I
had to add memory in order to use that
but I do find the overall experience
really if you have a 64 gig I don't miss
the SD card however if you mainly had a
32 gig and added another 64 gigs or a
128 gig then
might want to consider obviously the
note edge for the storage capacity but
if 64 gigs is all you really need plus
the hundred gigs of cloud storage that
Samson gives you for free I don't really
see a need for it especially not with
the new Google Photos app that stores
every song or sorry every photo you ever
had period so you don't have to worry
about backing up your photos and storage
space anymore so for that purpose
storage it hasn't really been an issue
since that app launched now in terms of
removal battery to be honest I prefer
the wireless charging feature on here
compared to a replacement battery I've
just found a lot more convenient more
easy everytime I go to Starbucks I just
literally put my phone down and it
wirelessly charges it's a really great
and simple feature now both two are
really fast at charging but since the s6
does have the smaller battery it will
charge quicker especially in the first
10 minutes having fast adaptive charging
2.0 charges in 10 minutes gives you 4
hours really impressive both phones
though however will revert to having
fast adaptive charging 1.0 giving you
half the charge in half an hour really
great overall which phone should you get
well ultimately like I said earlier it
will come down to the bigger screen
s-pen and bigger battery to the new UI
smoother OS I would say in terms of just
how smooth everything runs as well as
definitely the best camera currently
right now I've yet to use which one
should you get I'll leave that to you
decide off of those suggestions thank
you for watching if you did like this
video please give a like thumbs up this
been RC KY the Android guy